# Deep Learning
I took this course under Prof. Gady Agam in Fall '22. This was one of the most challenging courses I took at IIT Chicago. It was also the course that provided me with the opportunity to grow, not only as a student but also as a person.<br><br>
I gained a lot of knowledge about math, Python, deep neural networks, TensorFlow, Keras, and much more. I met a few of the most amazing and skilled people I know, who were kind enough to help me find my footing and share their knowledge and experiences. One of them was Ij. The most crucial lesson I gained from this course was to able to understand some of the math behind Deep Learning. This was a demanding course as every assignment felt like an entire project but it also one of the most satisfying course I took at IIT Chicago.
## Course Description
Deep neural networks form an important sub-field of machine learning that is responsible for much of the progress in in cognitive computing in recent years in areas of computer vision, audio processing, and natural language processing. Deep networks can be trained with a single end-to-end model and  bypass the need for traditional task-specific feature engineering. In this way deep learning simplifies learning tasks and allows using developed models to new tasks. Deep networks are suitable for parallel processing implementations and can easily leverage intensive computational resources. The course will focus on mathematical concepts, numerical algorithms, principles, GPU frameworks, and applications of deep learning. Topics include deep feedforward networks, convolutional networks, sequence modeling, and deep generative models with applications to data analysis, computer vision, and natural language processing. Several programming assignments and a project will practice the application of deep learning techniques to actual problems. The course requires sufficient math and programming background but does not require prior knowledge in machine learning.
